Review from Chapter 9 
1. A - Routing
2. B - ip route
3. C - next-hope_address
4. C - AD
5. A and B
6. C - RIP (Uses DV algorithm)

Layer 2 functions of switches
  Plug-and-play address learning
    Unknown destinations result in flooding
    When the switch receives a response, it updates its table
  Forwarding of packets to learned destinations
  Avoidance of loops via Spanning Tree Protocol (STP)

Port security on switches
  Security is always done by individual ports - port security, not switch security
  Cisco switches allow whitelisting a single IP address for a port

Broadcast storm
  An infinite flood of broadcasts caused by link failures between switches

CAM
  Content addressable memory

Questions
1. A
2. C
3. C
4. D
5. B
6. D

VLAN and inter-VLAN routing
  VLANs provide simulation of multiple switches and seperate the broadcast domains of different devices
  Each access port has ony one VLAN
  This VLAN may be configured for each access port
  Each port may be either an access or trunk port but not both

  Trunk ports are for inter-VLAN communication
  Access ports are for communication in the same VLAN

  A trunk port is a member of all VLANs

  VLANs may be connected to multiple switches if the switches are connected by a trunk link

  IEEE 802.1q is a standard for frame tagging
  The tag is inserted into the ethernet frame with VLAN ID, Canonical Format Identifier (CFI), and a user priority field

  Inter-VLAN communication requires a router with one interface per VLAN

  Inter-VLAN Routing (IVR) is used to route between VLANs

  VLAN 1 is the native and management VLAN by default

  `sh vlan` lists VLAN access ports
  `show interfaces trunk` lists VLAN trunk ports

  `switchport mode access` sets an interface as an access port

Midterm Review
  Midterm will happen at 9:30 on Saturday 2017-03-17
  Chapters 1-10 will be covered

  Formats
    Multiple choice - only 1 correct answer
    I. 60 questions - 50 1-point questions, 10 2-point questions
      All are multiple choice but some will need scratchpaper
      3 sources for questions
        1. Slides ("Sometime I directly copy questions from the slides to your exams")
        2. Review (CCNA textbook review questions, but questions from here are all covered in the slides)
        3. "My own" ("I just read the contents in the slides and make some multiple-choice questions")
    II. 3 short-answer questions (30 points, 10 each)
      1. Chapter 4 : big-5 (layers?)
      2. Chapter 5 : VLSM
      3. Chapter 9 : IP routing
      No conceptual questions, only quantitative answers

